release: 2025-07-25 (#3111)
tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle: CHANGELOG.md

Subscribe to the [tracking issue #2231](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/issues/2231)
to receive notifications about breaking changes!

## TigerBeetle 0.16.52

Released: 2025-07-25

### Safety And Performance

> - [#2956](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/2956)
> 
>   Tickless VOPR part 3:
>    * simulate IO that completes faster than a tick
>    * randomly shuffle events using nanosecond timestamps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#2956](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/2956)

  In VOPR, model events using nanosecond-resolution timestamps 
  to uncover more interesting interleaving.
```

and lets move this to internals.

- [#3093](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3093)

  Improve repair performance by tracking requested prepares so each is repaired exactly once per
  timeout.

- [#3105](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3105)

  Add `--requests-max` CLI flag to VOPR.

- [#3108](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3108)

>   Introduce a fixtures module for fuzzing and testing to avoid code duplication.

Reviewer: These two are also internals

### Internals

- [#3088](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3088)
  [#3100](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3100)
  [#3102](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3102)

  Initialize `IO` and `Tracer` early. Avoid comptime type specialization.

- [#3098](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3098)

>   Remove unused storage fault atlas for fuzzing.

Reviewer: Could drop it, doesn't seem important enough to warrant a mention.

- [#3101](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3101)

  Update TigerStyle with additional conventions for naming things and ordering struct fields.

- [#3107](https://github.com/tigerbeetle/tigerbeetle/pull/3107)

  In DevHub, use `font-size-adjust` to better match sizes of sans and monospace text.

### TigerTracks 🎧

> - [Changes](https://open.spotify.com/track/2wNEcJHnFxoKZIrxjxF5jL)

Reviewer: 🖤
